[WIP] 491 formal spec reorg (#679)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/spec.md

## Functional Use Cases

### Retrieve Metadata about the Desktop Agent implementation
From version 1.2 of the FDC3 specification, Desktop Agent implementations MUST provide a `fdc3.getInfo()` function to allow apps to retrieve information about the version of the FDC3 specification supported by a Desktop Agent implementation and the name of the implementation provider. This metadata can be used to vary the behavior of an application based on the version supported by the Desktop Agent, e.g.:

```js
import {compareVersionNumbers, versionIsAtLeast} from '@finos/fdc3';

if (fdc3.getInfo && versionIsAtLeast(await fdc3.getInfo(), '1.2')) {
  await fdc3.raiseIntentForContext(context);
} else {
  await fdc3.raiseIntent('ViewChart', context);
}
```

### Open an Application by Name
Linking from one application to another is a critical basic workflow that the web revolutionized via the hyperlink.  Supporting semantic addressing of applications across different technologies and platform domains greatly reduces friction in linking different applications into a single workflow.

### Requesting Functionality From Another App

> Often, we want to link from one app to another to dynamically create a workflow.  Enabling this without requiring prior knowledge between apps is a key goal of FDC3 and is implemented via the raising of [intents](../intents/overview), which represent a desired action, to be performed with a [context](../context/overview) supplied as input. 

Author: I wondered about that too. I figured that there would be more links to the /spec URLs however (including from other sites). I also wanted to stick to the spec files as their edit history is more useful (however I believe the id field on each page sets the URL, so we could keep the spec file but overview URLs...)

}
```

### Register an Intent Handler
Applications need to let the system know the intents they can support.  Typically, this is done via registration with an [App Directory](../app-directory/spec).  It is also possible for intents to be registered at the application level as well to support ad-hoc registration which may be helpful at development time.  Although dynamic registration is not part of this specification, a Desktop Agent agent may choose to support any number of registration paths.

> When an instance of an application is launched, it is expected to add an [`IntentHandler`](ref/Types#intenthandler) function to the desktop agent for each intent it has registered by calling the [`fdc3.addIntentListener`](ref/DesktopAgent#addintentlistener) function of the Desktop Agent. Doing so allows the Desktop Agent to pass incoming intents and contexts to that instance of the application. Hence, if the application instance was spawned in response to the raised intent, then the Desktop Agent must wait for the relevant intent listener to be added by that instance, before it can deliver the intent and context to it. Hence, to facilitate accurate error responses, calls to `fdc3.raiseIntent` shouold not return an `IntentResolution` until the intent handler has been added and the intent delivered to the target app.

Author: ```suggestion
When an instance of an application is launched, it is expected to add an [`IntentHandler`](ref/Types#intenthandler) function to the desktop agent for each intent it has registered by calling the [`fdc3.addIntentListener`](ref/DesktopAgent#addintentlistener) function of the Desktop Agent. Doing so allows the Desktop Agent to pass incoming intents and contexts to that instance of the application. Hence, if the application instance was spawned in response to the raised intent, then the Desktop Agent must wait for the relevant intent listener to be added by that instance, before it can deliver the intent and context to it. In order to facilitate accurate error responses, calls to `fdc3.raiseIntent` should not return an `IntentResolution` until the intent handler has been added and the intent delivered to the target app.
```

  > Prior to FDC3 2.0, 'user' channels were known as 'system' channels. They were renamed in FDC 2.0 to reflect their intended usage, rather than the fact that they are created by system (which could also create 'app' channels). The `joinChannel` function was also renamed to `joinUserChannel` to clarify that it is only intended to be used to join 'user', rather than 'app', channels.

### Direct Listening and Broadcast on Channels

> While joining User channels automates a lot of the channel behavior for an app, it has the limitation that an app can belong to only one channel at a time.  However, may also retrieve a `Channel` Object via the [`fdc3.getOrCreateChannel`](ref/DesktopAgent#getorcreatechannel) API, or an by raising an intent that returns a channel, and then listen to and broadcast on it directly using the [`Channel.addContextListener`](ref/Channel#addcontextlistener) and the [`Channel.broadcast`](ref/Channel#broadcast) APIs. This is especially useful for working with dynamic _App Channels_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While 'joining' (using fdc3.joinUserChannel) User channels automates a lot of the channel behavior for an app, it has the limitation that an app can only be 'joined' to one channel at a time.  However, an app may also retrieve a `Channel` Object via the [`fdc3.getOrCreateChannel`](ref/DesktopAgent#getorcreatechannel) API, or an by raising an intent that returns a channel, and then listen to and broadcast on it directly using the [`Channel.addContextListener`](ref/Channel#addcontextlistener) and the [`Channel.broadcast`](ref/Channel#broadcast) APIs. This is especially useful for working with dynamic _App Channels_. FDC3 imposes no restriction on adding context listeners or broadcasting to multiple channels.
```

Reviewer: (this change includes clarifying language about multiple channel support)

> While joining User channels automates a lot of the channel behavior for an app, it has the limitation that an app can belong to only one channel at a time.  However, may also retrieve a `Channel` Object via the [`fdc3.getOrCreateChannel`](ref/DesktopAgent#getorcreatechannel) API, or an by raising an intent that returns a channel, and then listen to and broadcast on it directly using the [`Channel.addContextListener`](ref/Channel#addcontextlistener) and the [`Channel.broadcast`](ref/Channel#broadcast) APIs. This is especially useful for working with dynamic _App Channels_.

Reviewer: (this change just adds missing words)

> While joining User channels automates a lot of the channel behavior for an app, it has the limitation that an app can belong to only one channel at a time.  However, may also retrieve a `Channel` Object via the [`fdc3.getOrCreateChannel`](ref/DesktopAgent#getorcreatechannel) API, or an by raising an intent that returns a channel, and then listen to and broadcast on it directly using the [`Channel.addContextListener`](ref/Channel#addcontextlistener) and the [`Channel.broadcast`](ref/Channel#broadcast) APIs. This is especially useful for working with dynamic _App Channels_.

Author: This is probably the one area of confusion we see with clients most often. I think fine to resolve here. It is already better than in 1.2, but could still be clearer.
